[Laughter]
[Music]
hi
hello welcome back to another video i
hope you're having a
lovely day today's video we are going to
be organizing
my life basically i've got like loads of
loose ends in every aspect of my life
right now
i just want to like clear out a load of
stuff from everything
to do with like work things
organizing my house like getting rid of
a bunch of like
old clothes that um i've been hanging on
to for
months like it's got ridiculous now so
and i just thought this would be a nice
video we can go to the gym together
and catch up on what's likely going on
at the moment i also like catch up as
well in this video and i'll just take
you along with me
gonna be doing a bit of hear that
everywhere a bit of everything
um but yeah i really hope you enjoy it
and first things first we're gonna go
to the gym together this was this
morning obviously because i usually
train fasted and i'm gonna
make some breakfast with mason so
[Music]
so
[Applause]
good morning oh my god we've got a vicar
going on
i'm not quite with it hang on i'm just
connecting i got a new phone the other
day so i'm having to reconnect it to
my bluetooth in my car so i can listen
to music
and it's one of those things i've been
putting off just about to head off to
the gym and it what time is it
6 47 and i've just made like my
pre-workout and stuff
and that is the plan it's going to be a
lower body day
anyway let's get to it i'm not quite
worried at first thing in the morning as
you can tell
like it was day before yesterday i put
water in my pre-workout tub
like rather than my shaker so that
really confirmed everything
that i'm not quite myself first things
job you can't ignore it i'm transforming
now these cars and planes i'm always
boarding
just out touring down in charlotte like
i play for hornets
when i'm performing never born now you
can't afford it
champagne perrier finish
i am a sweaty mess oh cause you really
can't see my neck can you i'm just
driving back
home now such a really sweaty
leg lower body session i did a spot of
abs
and i'll make sure props can be workout
into you i filmed it for
like portrait mode i'm rather hungry i'm
going to take pineapple on a little walk
one main reason why i absolutely love
training early morning
just getting out of the ways because
honestly i think i'm half asleep
like whilst i'm working out so i seem to
get really good workouts
in and when i drive back home now it
feels like i've just woken up
[Music]
so plan of action is i'm going to
acquire a list
of like what i need to get rid of where
to start and i'm going to start in
my like wardrobe and stuff and just
cleanse everything
[Music]
right this is the mess obviously i have
actually like just started pulling stuff
out this
has been here for a while so i'm gonna
have a mixture of organizing this for
the charity shop
some of my friends and familia and and
also
some for depop here we've got some
summer clothes and stuff
i can't organize like all my beauty
drawers and stuff like i really don't
like
clutter and like just loads of crap and
stuff taking over everywhere
[Music]
so
i've just been taking pictures and so in
some clothes i've also like bagged up
some stuff and gonna quickly take some
of that
to my charis shop but first i'm just
gonna make a really quick snack
i feel like i'm running around because
it's 20 to four and i
want to go to the tip as well
this is such a nice snack by the way i
really like corn flakes in yogurt
don't knock it too try it sorry about
the lighting so i just went to the post
office and also to cancer research
to take some bits there and now
on my home i need to all stop at another
post office to drop
one of mason's parcels off whenever i
get rid of like clothes or anything even
when
they're like thread burn i've worn the
living daylights out of them like
there's a part of me that's always like
oh what if i need them i'm aiming
to just have fewer clothes but like more
quality things so that they last longer
um rather than just like loads you know
always buying from like massive fast
fashion brands and stuff
and so yeah i'm just trying to make a
bit more of a conscious effort that way
hello so i've just been and had my hair
done um it feels a little bit
fresh yeah just parked up and i'm just
going to head into home
sense like i haven't been here months
this is like my happy place
who does not love a home sense and also
there's a cost next door and i really
fancy a coffee
it's two o'clock and i haven't had lunch
and i felt like i had a migraine coming
on as i was driving but
i think it's going to hold off i'm going
to wait till i get home to grab some
food and but yeah i'll grab like maybe a
drink or something i feel like i haven't
done much christmas shopping yet
so i'm going to grab some bits in there
and just have a mooch round see if
there's any like home bits
and i feel so much better like i love
that feeling after you've had your hair
done like why can't i not curl my hair
like this
every day please i would love that
fitness girl hair struggle is real i
feel like i have to schedule in my
blooming
wash hair days like amongst my workouts
kind of thing
just want to mention something this is
kind of random but i shared on my story
a day before yesterday a post that's
like being constantly in my mind
and in my thoughts like just as i was
driving then i was thinking about it
and it was basically just like how much
time we spend on our phones and consume
and like the first thing we do when wake
up in the morning is
go through it on our phones and before
we even like checked in with ourselves
or like woken up properly or checked him
with maybe the person laying next to you
kind of vibe like you get one more
you get my jis and i just think that is
so not the way to start your day you
know like those days where sometimes
like you've just spent the morning
stationary in your bed and you have just
been like consuming
and you end up on like someone's nan's
cat's dog's
instagram and you're like wow this is
not any added any value and
particularly on a weekend i feel like
i've done this a few times and i just
want to
make myself accountable by firstly
voicing this and also like putting this
into practice like
um i just want to be more conscious
about how much time i'm spending
consuming
content especially if it's just doesn't
add any value or like
i mean it's not that like i think social
media is an amazing tool and i feel like
i'm
i follow like lots of like inspiring
people or people that i love kind of
thing
but um i don't think it's necessarily
that it's just
sort of how you can just end up on the
most random page and you're like wow our
hours have gone by and i've just been
scrolling
consuming kind of thing um so if anyone
else feels like that maybe you could
join me in no social media like first
thing
in the morning let's go let's go get
some coffee
so just got back home i'm gonna get
started
on decluttering my kitchen you know when
your kitchen drawers are actually
spilling uh it's growing up um
and i'm just gonna get rid of a lot of
stuff before it gets dark
i don't know why i don't like filming
when it gets dark
the state of this this just needs to go
like i don't even know what half this
stuff is
[Music]
without freezing
yeah isn't that amazing
in christmas times
hello it's finally sunshine
we are in the lake district we've just
got here now and i just thought i would
vlog
the day we're going on quite an
adventurous walk i think it's like um
look at this
well going on like it's quite an
adventurous walk
um
yeah so anyway yeah so we're going on a
really long walk we're meeting
my brother and his girlfriend brogan uh
we're gonna go for breakfast we're just
in
keswick um not kezza what man about
windermere sorry what was that did you
take the whole thing
all right yeah um so yeah we're coming
to windermere for breakfast we're going
to this place called
home ground we've been there a few times
and it's really nice
breakfast so we're just going to start
cueing there my brother's like a few
minutes late which is
very rare normally we're like 10-15
minutes late so
this is new um so yeah we're just going
to go in
get a table and stuff and then i'll just
take you along throughout my day i
absolutely
love the lake streets like i've been
coming here
since i was so young like with my dad
about a million layers on
there's one two three four
and also i brought my new phone so i
picked up the iphone
12 pro max yesterday i'm waiting for my
case to arrive
so i've brought a sock so i feel like i
do that every single time
i get a new phone and then give it a few
months and i'm flinging it here and
everywhere but um
i also ordered a screen protector but i
don't think i don't know if i'm going to
use that or not because
it makes the camera really blurry and
like you can't really see the screen so
well so hopefully like
it's got cut out on the camera i'm
thinking
maybe french toast
[Music]
we've got um mason got french toast and
um we've got two meals
frozen in georgia here it's all fully
friendly do you want to know yeah
probably mate
[Music]
guys i'm going to end this vlog here i
really hope you enjoyed this one
it ended up being like more of like a
few days rather than
the one day that i initially planned um
but yeah let me know if you'd like to
see some
maybe like weekly vlog styled videos
next
um or like whatever whatever whatever
other
content that you would like to see from
me just let me know in the comments
um and if you haven't already i'd love
you to stick around by subscribing
to my channel and making sure you've
liked this video and i'll see you in
the next one